# Safe Memo App
Welcome to the Safe Memo app! This is a mobile application developed using React Native and Firebase. The Safe Memo app allows users to securely store and manage their important notes.

## Prerequisites
Before running the app, make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

Git
Node.js (npm comes with Node.js)
Expo CLI (npm install -g expo-cli)
Getting Started
## Follow the steps below to run the Safe Memo app on your local machine:
**Clone the Repository:**
```
git clone https://github.com/selwyntarr/secured-notes-app.git
```
**Navigate to the Project Directory:**
```
cd secured-notes-app
```
**Install Dependencies:**
```
npm ci
```
This command will install the necessary dependencies for the project.

**Start the Expo Development Server:**
```
npx expo start
```
This will start the Expo development server. You can open the app on an emulator, a physical device, or use the Expo Go app on your smartphone to scan the QR code generated by the Expo server.

## Explore Safe Memo:

Once the development server is running, you can explore the Safe Memo app on your chosen device. Make sure to follow any additional instructions provided by Expo during the development server startup.

## Tech Stack

The Safe Memo app is built using the following technologies:

React Native: A JavaScript framework for building cross-platform mobile applications.

Firebase: A cloud-based platform provided by Google for building and managing mobile and web applications. In Safe Memo, Firebase is used for authentication, real-time database, and cloud storage.
